#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front"
JinSoul: Do you know where we're going?
Kim Lip: We're not actually going to home
Kim Lip: We're going to watch the fireworks near Yeouido!
JinSoul: Right! It's the Seoul International Fireworks Festival!
Choerry: Fireworks Festival!
JinSoul: It will start at 7 pm but now 6:51
JinSoul: But here is Yeouido, right?
Choerry: I think we'll be there right on the minute!
Kim Lip: Can we arrive at there in 9 minutes?
JinSoul: But you should think about the seats.
Kim Lip: Look at that. There are a traffic jam...
JinSoul: We're wearing representative colored shirts.
Kim Lip: Red, blue, purple!
JinSoul: I'm blue~
Kim Lip: Red~
Choerry: Purple~
(Her English pronunciation has gotten better after trip to USA)
(Anyway, LOOΠ/ODD EYE CIRCLE is heading to watch the fireworks festival!)
Kim Lip: We've arrived but the festival hasn't started yet.
Choerry: So I'm relieved!
Choerry: Anyway, I really want to see it!
JinSoul: It feels like... I'm relaxing...
JinSoul: And the wind blows gently.
JinSoul: It feels like we are taking a rest
JinSoul: For the first time since the LA trip.
(A sudden clap of thunder roared above them!)
Kim Lip: Where? Where is it coming from?
Choerry: What was that noise?
Kim Lip: It sounds like a gunfire...!
Choerry: They do like...
Choerry: Wararararara!!
(The fireworks festival has just started in the perfect timing!)
(And LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE has just arrived at the perfect place to watch!)
Kim Lip: Where is it coming from?
JinSoul: There! Over there!
JinSoul: Make a wish!
(Aren't you curious about what they each wished upon the fireworks?)
JinSoul: I think the shape of the fireworks is really unique.
Choerry: Seeing that makes me craving doughnuts!!
(Those fireworks look like a doughnut...)
Choerry: It's very dramatic because...
JinSoul: In the car, we hoped the festival would start after we arrived at the site...
JinSoul: It became real! It's amazing!
Choerry: Hey mom, are you watching it? I'm watching it like this.
Kim Lip: It's so cool!
(The blurred girl is surprised as well!)
JinSoul: It's really beautiful and fancy more than I thought!
Kim Lip: And they moved and mixed themselves in the air
Choerry: The color that I like, the pink fireworks are soaring!
JinSoul: Like the colored fireworks, we each have representative colors.
I hope someday we could shine like the fireworks over there!
JinSoul: Oh, it sounds like a wise saying.
Choerry: Oh~~
JinSoul: Yeah, the wise saying.
JinSoul: Like the fireworks shine,
I hope all 12 members including LOOΠΔ 1/3,
ODD EYE CIRCLE, YeoJin, and the unreleased four girls could shine in the future!
Kim Lip: All 12 members!
JinSoul: Twinkle, twinkle!
Choerry: Twinkle, twinkle!
JinSoul: I hope we could twinkle like those!
Kim Lip: We're gonna do our best until the day!
OEC: 1,2, 3, fighting!